Flesh out Contributing.md (#113)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Coding Style
The citrine-python library follows [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/), with the following exceptions:

> * Maximum line length is 99 characters for code and 119 characters for docstrings

Reviewer: Is this also intended for files in the `docs` folder? I find it's easiest to organize my thoughts when I use 1 sentence/line. It also makes it easier to edit later. However, this sometimes results in lines that exceed 119 characters.

Author: The docs/ folder is not checked by the linter, so this is not a strict requirement. But I do find it helpful to break up long sentences into multiple lines (to me, the important part is not having more than 1 sentence per line)

Reviewer: 👍 
Thanks for the clarification. That was not clear to me.

* Several docstring rules are relaxed (see tox.ini for a list of the ignored rules)

Type hints are strongly encouraged.

Docstrings must follow [Numpy style](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html) so that Sphinx can parse them to make the docs.

For additional (non-binding) inspiration, check out the [Google Python Style Guide](https://github.com/google/styleguide/blob/gh-pages/pyguide.md).

## PR Submission

> Features should be added in a branch with a descriptive name and the pull requests (PR) submitted into the `develop` branch.

Author: ```suggestion
Features should be developed in a branch with a descriptive name and the pull request (PR) submitted into the `develop` branch.
```
